( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( BAND PLAYING )
>> Stephen: WELCOME BACK,
EVERYBODY!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
FOLKS, I'M EXCITED.
MY FIRST GUEST TONIGHT IS AN
EMMY AWARD
WINNING JOURNALIST AND HOST OF
"ANDERSON COOPER 360."
PLEASE WELCOME BACK TO THE
SHOW, ANDERSON COOPER!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( BAND PLAYING )
ALL RIGHT.
SO, ANDERSON, HI, GOOD TO SEE
YOU AGAIN.
>> HELLO.
ALWAYS NICE TO FOLLOW A RAIN OF
P.
>> Stephen: WE HAVE TO FOLLOW
THE STORIES ANY WAY WE CAN.
>> YOU GUISE ARE DOING REAL
NEWS.
>> Stephen: THANK YOU VERY
MUCH.
DID YOU SEE REAL NEWS TONIGHT?
DON'T TRY TO STEAL THEM FOR CNN.
YOU GUYS ARE THE FAKE NEWS.
>> THE ORIGINAL FAKE NEWS,
ACCORDING TO THE PRESIDENT.
>> Stephen: WE'LL GET TO THAT
IN JUST A MOMENT AND YOUR
FAKENESS.
BUT HOUSE OF YOUR WEEKEND?
>> MY WEEKEND, YOU KNOW, IT WAS
FINE.
IT WAS WEIRD, THOUGH.
THE PRESIDENT STARTED TWEETING
AT $650 SOMETHING, A.M.
>> Stephen: 6:35.
YEAH.
( LAUGHTER )
I HAD FLOWN TO PHOENIX, AND I
HAVE ACTUALLY MUTED THE
PRESIDENT ON TWITTER.
>> Stephen: YOU CAN DO THAT?
YEAH.
YOU KNOW WHEN YOU GET ANNOYING
PEOPLE TWEETING YOU, YOU DON'T
WANT TO DELETE BECAUSE THAT
TELLS THEM YOU DELETED THEM.
IF YOU JUST MUTE THEM, THEY
THINK YOU'RE STILL FOLLOWING
THEM AND YOU DON'T ACTUALLY SEE
THEIR TWEETS.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: THEN THE TWEETS
CAN GET BACKED UP AND YOU GET AN
INFECTION.
( LAUGHTER )
SO, YOU MUTED HIM.
>> I MUTED HIM.
I GO TO PHOENIX.
I WAS SPENDING ALL WEEKEND
WORKING ON THIS STORY.
I WASN'T AWARE OF ALL THAT WAS
GOING ON.
I GET BACK SUNDAY AND FINALLY
TURN ON MY PHONE AGAIN AND I'M
LIKE, WHAT THE -- WHAT?!
WHAT?!
AND ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER, TOO?
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: I JUST WANT TO
POINT OUT YOU ARE A REAL NEWS
MAN.
I WATCH YOU EVERY NIGHT.
I BELIEVE YOUR WORK.
I BELIEVE YOU REPORT THE NEWS IN
A VERY FAIR WAY AND ACCURATELY,
AND YOU JUST SAID THAT YOU MUTE
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
WHAT HE SAYS, WHICH LEADS TO MY
NEXT QUESTION --
>> I MEAN, LOOK, I HAVE PEOPLE
FOLLOWING HIM SO THEY TELL ME --
I JUST DON'T WANT TO HAVE THAT
DRAMA IN MY LIFE.
>> Stephen: THAT DRAMA!
YOU HAVE TO ACCEPT THAT HE'S
PRESIDENT.
>> OF COURSE, I DO.
I HAVE GREAT RESPECT FOR THE
PRESIDENT, I JUST DON'T NEED TO
FOLLOW HIM ON TWITTER.
>> Stephen: YOU WOULDN'T HAVE
MUTED IKE.
>> LISTEN, I HAVE FRIENDS WITH
MAIN. I CAN'T I DON'T WANT THEM
TO HAVE MY PRIVATE LINE AND BE
ABLE TO CALL ME.
I DON'T WANT THE UPS AND DOWNS
IN MY LIFE.
I WANT TO BE CALLUM.
>> Stephen: I DON'T THINK I
HAVE THAT.
>> NO ONE ACTUALLY DOES HAVE IT.
>> Stephen: SO HOW DO YOU AS
NEWSMAN, A CORRESPONDENT FOR
"60 MINUTES," AS IT WERE -- HAD
THE TO THROW "60 MINUTES" IN
THERE.
YOU CAN'T JUST SAY I WAS IN
PHOENIX.
I WAS IN PHOENIX FOR
"60 MINUTES."
YEAH.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: HOW DO YOU JUDGE
ON WHAT TO REPORT ON?
THERE IS MORE BASIS TO THE
SCHWARZENEGGER TWEET THAN THE
OBAMA TWEET, WHY ISN'T THE
SCHWARZENEGGER BIGGER NEWS?
>> I GUESS HIS RATINGS WERE NOT
AS BIG AS DONALD TRUMP'S WERE.
>> Stephen: SAD END TO A GREAT
SHOW.
>> SADDISH SAD.
( LAUGHTER )
THE REPORTING ON THE TWEETS, I
THINK IT'S A LARGE DISTRACTION,
I THINK THAT'S CLEARLY PART OF
WHAT HE WAS DOING.
>> Stephen: IS IT PURE
DISTRACTION?
>> NO, IT'S LIKE A SEISMOGRAPH,
THIS IS LIKE A REAL-TIME
SEISMOGRAPH OF THE INNER
WORKINGS OF THE PRESIDENT'S HEAD
AND IT'S FASCINATING.
AN EMOTIONAL SIZE MO GRASP.
HE'S LIKE A LIVE WIRE OF
EMOTION.
WE HAD TO WAIT FOR DECADES TO
HEAR NIXON ON TAPES.
WE HEAR DONALD TRUMP REALTIME.
USUALLY PEOPLE TRY TO KEEP THE
PRESIDENT CLOISTERED AND NOT
BEFORE THE PUBLIC AT ALL TIMES.
HE BREAKS THROUGH.
>> Stephen: WHOEVER PRIES THE
THE PHONE OUT OF HIS HANDS TAKES
SATURDAY OFF.
>> THE "THE WASHINGTON POST"
WROTE AN ARTICLE YOU QUOTED AT
THE BEGINNING OF THE SHOW AND
PART THAT I FOUND FUNNY IS YOU
QUOTED A PART WHERE THE
PRESIDENT SAID AFTERWARD HE FELT
BETTER LATER ON IN THE DAY.
IT ACTUALLY TALKED ABOUT HIM
NEED AGO RELEASE.
HE GETS ANGRY, IT BUILDS UP,
NEEDS A RELEASE, FEELS BETTER,
THEN GETS ANGRY, THEN NEEDS A
RELEASE -- THERE ARE MANY OTHER
FORMS OF RELEASE.
>> Stephen: DOESN'T DRINK,
SMOKE, DO DRUGS.
>> YEAH, WELL, THERE ARE THINGS
YOU CAN DO.
>> Stephen: I WOULDN'T KNOW,
ANDERSON.
HANDS ARE TOO SMALL.
( LAUGHTER )
LET'S GET TO THE FAKE NEWS
THING.
SAY WHAT YOU WILL ABOUT CNN,
OVER THE YEARS, IT'S NOT LIKE
YOU WERE RAVING IDEALLOGS OVER
THERE.
>> WE'RE FAIR AND ACCURATE.
>> Stephen: BALANCED?
I BELIEVE THAT'S TRADEMARKED.
>> Stephen: ARE YOU SURPRISED
YOU GUYS ARE THE BAD GUYS AS
OPPOSED TO MSNBC?
>> THE THING, IS DONALD TRUMP
WATCHES CNN, WHICH IS WHY HE
TALKS ABOUT IT SO MUCH BECAUSE
HE ACTUALLY WATCHES IT AND EVEN
WHEN HE'S RAILING AGAINST IT,
HE'S WATCHING IT.
I'VE HAD HIM WATCH MY SHOW AND
TWEET ABOUT PEOPLE I'M
INTERVIEWING WHILE I'M
INTERVIEWING HIM.
OH, THAT GUY IS A JOKE ANDERSON
COOPER IS INTERVIEWING, WHAT A
WASTE.
THINGS LIKE THAT WHILE YOU'RE
INTERVIEWING.
>> Stephen: SURPRISED HE SAID
THAT.
I'VE NEVER BEEN ON YOUR SHOW.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )3
YOU KNOW, WHAT ABOUT -- DOES
THAT CHANGE THE WAY YOU REPORT
YOUR SHOW, KNOWING THE PRESIDENT
IS WATCHING YOU GUYS AT CNN, DO
YOU TRY TO GET A RISE OUT OF
HIM?
>> NO, YOU DO YOUR JOB.
YOU WANT TO BE TOUGH AND -- I
MEAN, LOOK, I DIDN'T HAVE A
GREAT RELATIONSHIP WITH THE
OBAMA WHITE HOUSE.
I USED TO INTERVIEW PRESIDENT
OBAMA ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL,
BEFORE HE BECAME PRESIDENT.
I SPENT TWO MONTHS IN
NEW ORLEANS DOING THE B.P. OIL
SPILL, AND THE WHITE HOUSE
STOPPED TALKING TO ME FOR YEARS.
SO I DIDN'T HAVE GREAT
RELATIONSHIP, I DIDN'T VEALLY
HAVE ANY RELATIONSHIP.
I ALSO DON'T WANT TO HAVE A
RELATIONSHIP WITH THESE PEOPLE.
I INTERVIEWED KELLYANNE CONWAY A
COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO.
PROBABLY MAYBE MY LAST INTERVIEW
WITH HER EVER, I DON'T KNOW.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
NO, I'M NOT SAYING ANYTHING BAD
ABOUT HER, I'M JUST SAYING I
HAVEN'T INTERVIEWED HER SENSE.
IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A 12
MINUTE INTERVIEW AND ENDED UP
BEING 26 MINUTES.
AT ONE POINT IN THE INTERVIEW,
SHE SAID TO ME, WE MAY HAVE TO
RE-THINK THE RELATIONSHIP WE
HAVE.
I WAS, LIKE, WE DON'T HAVE A
RELATIONSHIP.
I RESPECT YOU AND STUFF, BUT I
DON'T WANT TO HAVE A
RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU.
I DON'T WANT TO BE FRIENDS.
I DON'T WANT TO HANG OUT.
I DON'T BELIEVE REPORTERS SHOULD
BE GOING TO PARTIES AT THE WHITE
HOUSE.
>> Stephen: WHAT ABOUT THE
CORRESPONDENTS DINNER?
>> I WENT ONCE, I'LL NEVER GO
AGAIN.
>> Stephen: WHEN?
WHEN I FIRST GOT TO CNN.
YOU KNOW.
>> Stephen: I THINK IT'S
GREAT.
IT WAS A WONDERFUL NIGHT, PEOPLE
READY TO LAUGH.
>> RIGHT, EXACTLY.
THAT'S THE THING.
FOR COMEDIANS, IT'S GOT TO BE
AWFUL.
IT'S LIKE THE WORST BAR MITZVAH
PARTY YOU HAVE BEEN SO AND THERE
IS TOUGH TO GET SO YOU HAVE TO
WAIT TO GET INTO THE PARTY.
>> Stephen: LET'S BREAK REAL
NEWS HERE.
YOU TWEETED THIS -- THIS IS
WHERE WERE YOU AND WHY WASN'T I
INVITED?
>> I INSTAGRAMED THIS OBSERVE MY
VACATION.
I WAS IN MYANMAR AT AN ELEPHANT
SANCTUARY.
IT WAS MY VLADIMIR PUTIN MOMENT.
I WAS WASHING AN OLD ELEPHANT.
>> Stephen: EXACTLY.
PUTIN'S ONLY ON A HORSE.
YOU'RE ON AN ELEPHANT.
>> I WANTED TO ONE-UP PUTIN.
IT WAS AN ELEPHANT SANCTUARY.
IT WAS ELEPHANTS WHO HAVE BEEN
ABUSED IN THE TIMBER TRADE THEIR
WHOLE LIVES.
YOU GET TO EAT THEM AND -- NOT
EAT THEM -- YOU GET TO FEED
THEM.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: WE JUST MADE SOME
NEWS.
ANDERSON, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
BEING HERE.
"ANDERSON COOPER 360" AIRS WEEK
NIGHTS ON CNN!
BACK WITH JUDD APATOW!
STICK AROUND!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( BAND PLAYING )